# Shift Contexts

A shift context is a general grouping that time slots can exist in. It might be
a classroom, a location, or any other type of general grouping. A time slot can
only be within one shift context.

## Shift context list

![The shift context list page](images/shift_context_list.png)

The shift context list pages shows all shift contexts you have created. You can
also change the order of the shift contexts.

Clicking the "Add" button will allow you to create a new shift context.

Each shift context card shows the name of the shift context.

Clicking the up arrow will move the shift context up in the sort order. Clicking
the down arrow will move the shift context down in the sort order. This will
affect the order of the shift contexts in the
[schedule week editor](./6_schedule.md#schedule-week-editor) and
[schedule file exports](./6_schedule.md#schedule-export).

Clicking the pencil icon on a shift context will allow you to edit the shift
context. Clicking the "x" button on a shift context will ask you to confirm if
you want to delete the shift context.

## Shift context add

![The shift context add page](images/shift_context_add.png)

The add shift context page allows you to create a new shift context. Here, you
can enter information about the shift context. The only required field is the
name, but no other shift context can have the same name.

Clicking the "Save" button will save the shift context and return you to the
shift context list page if the data you enter is valid. Otherwise, the form will
show error messages and allow you to change your data.

Clicking the "Cancel" button will discard your data and return you to the shift
context list page.

## Shift context edit

![The shift context edit page](images/shift_context_edit.png)

The edit shift context page allows you to edit an existing shift context. It
works very similarly to the add shift context page, allowing you to enter
updated values.

Clicking "Save" will save your changes and return you to the shift context list
page if your data is valid. Otherwise, the form will display errors and allow
you to change what you entered.

Clicking the "Cancel" button will return you to the shift context list page.

## Shift context delete

![The shift context delete page](images/shift_context_delete.png)

The shift context delete page allows you to confirm the deletion of a shift
context. Clicking "Yes" will delete the shift context and return you to the
shift context list page. Clicking "No" will cancel the deletion and return you
to the shift context list page.

Warning: If you delete a shift context, all time slots and notes associated with
it will be deleted.
